We demonstrate automated generation of diffusion databases from high-throughput density functional theory (DFT) calculations. A total of more than 230 dilute solute diffusion systems in Mg, Al, Cu, Ni, Pd, and Pt host lattices have been determined using multi-frequency diffusion models. We apply a correction method for solute diffusion in alloys using experimental and simulated values of host self-diffusivity. We find good agreement with experimental solute diffusion data, obtaining a weighted activation barrier RMS error of 0.176 eV when excluding magnetic solutes in non-magnetic alloys. The compiled database is the largest collection of consistently calculated ab-initio solute diffusion data in the world.Long-standing challenges in cluster expansion (CE) construction include choosing how to truncate the expansion and which crystal structures to use for training. Compressive sensing (CS), which is emerging as a powerful tool for model construction in physics, provides a mathematically rigorous framework for addressing these challenges. A recently-developed Bayesian implementation of CS (BCS) provides a parameterless framework, a vast speed-up over current CE construction techniques, and error estimates on model coefficients. Here, we demonstrate the use of BCS to build cluster expansion models for several binary alloy systems. The speed of the method and the accuracy of the resulting fits are shown to be far superior than state-of-the-art evolutionary methods for all alloy systems shown. When combined with high-throughput first-principles frameworks, the implications of BCS are that hundreds of lattice models can be automatically constructed, paving the way to high-throughput thermodynamic modeling of alloys.

G.L.W.H. and L.J.N. are grateful for financial support from the NSF, DMR-0908753. C.S.R. is grateful for financial support from the NSF, ATM-0934490. F.Z. and V.O. gratefully acknowledge financial support from the NSF under Award No. DMR-1106024 and use of computing resources at the National Energy Research Scientific Computing Center, which is supported by the US DOE under Contract No. DE-AC02- 05CH11231. F.Z. is supported by the US DOE under Contract No. DE-AC52-07NA27344.This notebook makes use of the pymatgen package to display some of the characteristics and results of the VASP input and outputs in the study of DFT+U in bismuth ferrite. In this work we use the DFT+U method of Dudarev et al, which takes a single parameter Ueff=U−J. For simplicity however, we will simply use the symbol U in this notebook to refer to the Ueff parameter.Metal-organic frameworks (MOFs) are a class of nanoporous crystalline materials that are synthesized in a building-block approach from inorganic secondary building units (SBUs) and organic linkers. The building-block paradigm to MOF synthesis creates opportunities for the synthesis of virtually unlimited number of nanoporous materials.
Metal-organic framework database

Thousands of the MOFs have been experimentally synthesized already since the discovery of the MOFs in the late 1990s. In practice, synthesizing and testing the large number of MOFs is not feasible, therefore, the high-throughput computational screening of a large database of MOFs can help expedite the experimental efforts. At the heart of high-throughput computational screening of MOFs is the database of MOFs.Three oxidatively and hydrolytically stable Cp*W(NO)(H)(η3-allyl) complexes have been synthesized and fully characterized, and some of their physical and chemical properties have been investigated. For instance, the reactions of these complexes with PMe3 produce a series of isomeric Cp*W(NO)(H)(η1-allyl)(PMe3) and Cp*W(NO)(η2-alkene)(PMe3) complexes which themselves possess interesting spectroscopic properties as illustrated for Cp*W(NO)(H)(η1-CH2CH═CMe2)(PMe3).Welcome to the Coherent X-ray Imaging Data Bank (CXIDB), a new database which offers scientists from all over the world a unique opportunity to access data from Coherent X-ray Imaging (CXI) experiments.
• New light sources and detectors have enabled novel experiments producing terabytes of data per day.
• It's the dawn of the data deluge era for coherent X-ray imaging.
• To best make use of all these data it is necessary to make them accessible.
Accessibility is crucial not only to make efficient use of experimental facilities, but also to improve the reproducibility of results and enable new research based on previous experiments.
CXIDB is dedicated to further the goal of making data from Coherent X-ray Imaging (CXI) experiments available to all, as well as archiving it. The website also serves as the reference for the CXI file format, in which most of the experimental data on the database is stored in.Octahedral platinum(IV) complexes are promising candidates in the fight against cancer. In order to rationalize the further development of this class of compounds, detailed studies on their mechanisms of action, toxicity, and resistance must be provided and structure–activity relationships must be drawn. Herein, we report on theoretical and QSAR investigations of a series of 53 novel bis-, tris-, and tetrakis(carboxylato)platinum(IV) complexes, synthesized and tested for cytotoxicity in our laboratories. The hybrid DFT functional wb97x was used for optimization of the structure geometry and calculation of the descriptors. Reliable and robust QSAR models with good explanatory and predictive properties were obtained for both the cisplatin sensitive cell line CH1 and the intrinsically cisplatin resistant cell line SW480, with a set of four descriptors.When using density functional theory (DFT), generalized gradient approximation (GGA) functionals are often necessary for accurate modeling of important properties of biomolecules, including hydrogen-bond strengths and relative energies of conformers. We consider the calculations of forces using non-self-consistent (NSC) methods based on the Harris−Foulkes expression for energy. We derive an expression for the GGA NSC force on atoms, valid for a hierarchy of methods based on local orbitals, and discuss its implementation in the linear scaling DFT code Conquest, using a standard (White−Bird) approach. We investigate the use of NSC structural relaxations before full self-consistent relaxations as a method for improving convergence. Example calculations for glycine and small alanine peptides suggest that NSC pre-relaxations of the structure are indeed useful to save computer effort and time.Nanostructures formed by phase separation improve the thermoelectric figure of merit in lead chalcogenide semiconductor alloys, with coherent nanostructures giving larger improvements than incoherent nanostructures. However, large coherency strains in these alloys drastically alter the thermodynamics of phase stability. Incoherent phase stability can be easily inferred from an equilibrium phase diagram, but coherent phase stability is more difficult to assess experimentally. Therefore, we use density functional theory calculations to investigate the coherent and incoherent phase stability of the IV–VI rocksalt semiconductor alloy systems Pb(S,Te), Pb(Te,Se), Pb(Se,S), (Pb,Sn)Te, (Sn,Ge)Te, and (Ge,Pb)Te. Herewe use the term coherent to indicate that there is a common and unbroken lattice between the phases under consideration, and we use the term incoherent to indicate that the lattices of coexisting phases are unconstrained and allowed to take on equilibrium volumes.We find that the thermodynamic ground state of all of the IV–VI pseudobinary systems studied is incoherent phase separation. We also find that the coherency strain energy, previously neglected in studies of these IV–VI alloys, is lowest along [111] (in contrast to most fcc metals) and is a large fraction of the thermodynamic driving force for incoherent phase separation in all systems. The driving force for coherent phase separation is significantly reduced, and we find that coherent nanostructures can only form at lowtemperatureswhere kinetics may prohibit their precipitation. Furthermore, by calculating the energies of ordered structures for these systems we find that the coherent phase stability of most IV–VI systems favors ordering over spinodal decomposition. Our results suggest that experimental reports of spinodal decomposition in the IV–VI rocksalt alloys should be re-examined.The data set was used to evaluate a Fe-Cr-Al thin film samples in a narrow composition region centered on known bulk compositions. The data are composed of two individual studies. The first set of data is a low temperature oxidation study on composition spread sampled performed at SLAC Beamline 1-5. Only the integrated and background subtracted 1-D spectra are included, the 2-D data and calibrations are available upon request. The second set of data was taken during high temperature oxidation of selected samples. These data are exclusively Raman data with values taken as a function of total oxidation time.This is a benchmark of G0W0 on 81 molecules, introduced for testing the implementation of G0W0 calculations including spin-orbit coupling (SOC). Each molecule has at least one heavy element (Z≥29). For each molecule, the Vertical Ionization Potential (VIP) is computed with the WEST code, using fully-relativistic (FR) and scalar-relativistic (SR) pseudopotentials. Experimental results of VIPs are also reported.

We present an implementation of G0W0 calculations including spin–orbit coupling (SOC) enabling investigations of large systems, with thousands of electrons, and we discuss results for molecules, solids, and nanocrystals. Using a newly developed set of molecules with heavy elements (called GW-SOC81), we find that, when based upon hybrid density functional calculations, fully relativistic (FR) and scalar-relativistic (SR) G0W0 calculations of vertical ionization potentials both yield excellent performance compared to experiment, with errors below 1.9%. We demonstrate that while SR calculations have higher random errors, FR calculations systematically underestimate the VIP by 0.1 to 0.2 eV. We further verify that SOC effects may be well approximated at the FR density functional level and then added to SR G0W0 results for a broad class of systems. We also address the use of different root-finding algorithms for the G0W0 quasiparticle equation and the significant influence of including d electrons in the valence partition of the pseudopotential for G0W0 calculations. Finally, we present statistical analyses of our data, highlighting the importance of separating definitive improvements from those that may occur by chance due to a limited number of samples. We suggest the statistical analyses used here will be useful in the assessment of the accuracy of a large variety of electronic structure methods.This is a benchmark of G0W0 on 100 molecules, introduced in 10.1021/acs.jctc.5b00453. For each molecule, the Vertical Ionization Potential (VIP) and the Vertical Electron Affinity (VEA) are computed with the WEST code. Results are compared with corresponding values obtained using other implementations of the G0W0 method and other codes (see list below). Experimental results of VIPs and VEAs are also reported.This is the data presented in the article titled 'Time-Resolved Spectroscopic Investigation of Charge Trapping in Carbon Nitrides Photocatalysts for Hydrogen Generation', published in the Journal of the American Chemical Society.

Carbon nitride (g-C3N4) as a benchmark polymer photocatalyst is attracting significant research interest because of its visible light photocatalytic performance combined with good stability and facile synthesis. However, little is known about the fundamental photophysical processes of g-C3N4, which are key to explain and promote photoactivity. Using time-resolved absorption and photoluminescence spectroscopies, we have investigated the photophysics of a series of carbon nitrides on time scales ranging from femtoseconds to seconds. Free charge carriers form within a 200 fs excitation pulse, trap on the picosecond time scale with trap states in a range of energies, and then recombine with power law decays that are indicative of charge trapping–detrapping processes. Delayed photoluminescence is assigned to thermal excitation of trapped carriers back up to the conduction/valence bands. We develop a simple, quantitative model for the charge carrier dynamics in these photocatalysts, which includes carrier relaxation into an exponential tail of trap states extending up to 1.5 eV into the bandgap. This trapping reduces the efficiency of surface photocatalytic reactions. Deep trapped electrons observed on micro- to millisecond time scales are unable to reduce electron acceptors on the surface or in solution. Within a series of g-C3N4, the yield of these unreactive trapped electrons correlates inversely with H2 evolution rates. We conclude by arguing that the photophysics of these carbon nitride materials show closer parallels with inorganic semiconductors than conjugated polymers, and that the key challenge to optimize photocatalytic activity of these materials is to prevent electron trapping into deep, and photocatalytically inactive, electron trap states.JARVIS (Joint Automated Repository for Various Integrated Simulations) is a repository designed to automate materials discovery using classical force-field, density functional theory, machine learning calculations and experiments.

The Force-field section of JARVIS (JARVIS-FF) consists of thousands of automated LAMMPS based force-field calculations on DFT geometries. Some of the properties included in JARVIS-FF are energetics, elastic constants, surface energies, defect formations energies and phonon frequencies of materials.

The Density functional theory section of JARVIS (JARVIS-DFT) consists of thousands of VASP based calculations for 3D-bulk, single layer (2D), nanowire (1D) and molecular (0D) systems. Most of the calculations are carried out with optB88vDW functional. JARVIS-DFT includes materials data such as: energetics, diffraction pattern, radial distribution function, band-structure, density of states, carrier effective mass, temperature and carrier concentration dependent thermoelectric properties, elastic constants and gamma-point phonons.

The Machine-learning section of JARVIS (JARVIS-ML) consists of machine learning prediction tools, trained on JARVIS-DFT data. Some of the ML-predictions focus on energetics, heat of formation, GGA/METAGGA bandgaps, bulk and shear modulus.The diastereoselective coupling of O-substituted arylhydroxamates and cyclopropenes mediated by Rh(III) catalysis was successfully developed. Through ligand development, the diastereoselectivity of this reaction was improved using a heptamethylindenyl (Ind*) ligand, which has been rationalized using quantum chemical calculations. In addition, the nature of the O-substituted ester of benzhydroxamic acid proved important for high diastereoselectivity. This transformation tolerates a variety of benzamides and cyclopropenes that furnish cyclopropa[c]dihydroisoquinolones with high diastereocontrol, which could then be easily transformed into synthetically useful building blocks for pharmaceuticals and bio-active molecules.

Density functional theory (DFT) calculations were performed with Gaussian09 rev D.01. The meta-generalized gradient approximations (meta-GGA) TPSS exchange-correlation functional was used for all geometry optimizations with density fitting for Coulomb integrals (RI-J), a fine integration grid and the Karlsruhe def2-TZVP basis set for all elements.- Pseudopotential files for Ge and H in the .recpot format used in all calculations.
- Input and output files for constant enthalpy geometry relaxations of hydrogenated Ge nanocrystals using the electronic enthalpy method within ONETEP (version 3.3).
- Input and output files for the DFPT calculations performed with CASTEP (version 6.01).The Harvard Organic Photovoltaic Dataset (HOPV15) is a collation of experimental photovoltaic data from the literature, and corresponding quantum-chemical calculations performed over a range of conformers, each with quantum chemical results using a variety of density functionals and basis sets. It is anticipated that this dataset will be of use in both relating electronic structure calculations to experimental observations through the generation of calibration schemes, as well as for the creation of new semi-empirical methods and the benchmarking of current and future model chemistries for organic electronic applications.A series of Ba1-x-ySrxCayTiO3 compounds were prepared with varying average ionic radii and cation disorder on A-site. All samples showed typical ferroelectric behavior. A simple empirical equation correlated Curie temperature, TC, with the values of ionic radii of A-site cations. This correlation was related to the distortion of TiO6 octahedra observed during neutron diffraction studies. The equation was used for the selection of compounds with predetermined values of TC. The effects of A-site ionic radii on the temperatures of phase transitions in Ba1-x-ySrxCayTiO3 were discussed.The JCAP Benchmarking scientists developed and implemented uniform methods and protocols for characterizing the activities of electrocatalysts under standard operating conditions for water-splitting devices. They have determined standard measurement protocols that reproducibly quantify catalytic activity and stability. Data for several catalysts studied are made available in this database.Structure–property relationships are a key materials science concept that enables the design of new materials. In the case of materials for application in radiation environments, correlating radiation tolerance with fundamental structural features of a material enables materials discovery. Here, we use a machine learning model to examine the factors that govern amorphization resistance in the complex oxide pyrochlore (A2B2O7) in a regime in which amorphization occurs as a consequence of defect accumulation. We examine the fidelity of predictions based on cation radii and electronegativities, the oxygen positional parameter, and the energetics of disordering and amorphizing the material. No one factor alone adequately predicts amorphization resistance. We find that when multiple families of pyrochlores (with different B cations) are considered, radii and electronegativities provide the best prediction, but when the machine learning model is restricted to only the B = Ti pyrochlores, the energetics of disordering and amorphization are critical factors. We discuss how these static quantities provide insight into an inherently kinetic property such as amorphization resistance at finite temperature. This work provides new insight into the factors that govern the amorphization susceptibility and highlights the ability of machine learning approaches to generate that insight.The JCAP High Throughput Experimentation research team uses combinatorial methods to quickly identify promising light absorbers and catalysts for solar-fuel devices. Pure-phase materials — including metal oxides, nitrides, sulfides, oxinitrides, and other single- and mixed-metal materials — are prepared using multiple deposition techniques (e.g., physical vapor deposition, inkjet printing, and micro-fabrication) on various substrates. High-resolution X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) spectra for materials that have been characterized to date are made available here as part of JCAP's Materials Characterization Standards (MatChS) database.Polymer Genome is a recommendation engine for the rapid design and discovery of polymer dielectrics, powered by quantum mechanical computations, experimental data and machine learning based models. Polymer Genome is designed to provide efficient pathways for estimating essential properties of existing/hypothetical polymers and recommending polymer candidates that meet certain property requirements.NRAMM releases a number of annotated and partially annotated datasets for public use. The KLH dataset is old and included here as it has been used as a standard for a large number of particle picking papers (see Zhu et al. 2004, J Struct Biol. 2004 Jan-Feb;145(1-2):3-14.)
This is the standard dataset used in the particle selection "bakeoff"Materials Commons is ...
An information repository - a collection of datafiles, measurement and analysis results, process description; organized for use, comprehension, and publication.
A data-and-process life-cycle record - Experiments, computation, and their results are described, monitored, and published.
A workflow record - workflow steps such as material transformation, measurement, and computational analysis are collected and displayed.
A Collaborative workspace - multiple researchers on a project interact through experiment records, notes, workflow descriptions, and publication.Material Informatics for Polymer Nanocomposites

A Nanocomposites Data Resource
This system allows for the registration of materials resources, bridging the gap between existing resources and the end users. NanoMine functions as a centrally located service, making the registered information available for research to the materials community.
NSF supported the initial concept of NanoMine as a joint NU/RPI project through the CDMR program and is currently supporting a robust ontology and software framework via the DIBBS program. NIST/CHIMAD support data curation, tool development, demonstration materials design problems, and integration into the larger MGI network as well as provide backbone use of the Materials Data Curator system run by NIST.A Computational Materials Knowledgebase. A platform to store structure and property data created by atomistic simulations, and tools to design materials by learning from the data. Classified and tagged materials information obtained by quantum mechanical calculations that numerically and visually demonstrate the property. Provide simulation methods in detail.Description of this data

This .zip folder features raw stress-strain tensile data for approximately 500 specimens corresponding to different natural fibre reinforced composite laminates (see Raw Data folder). In addition, we provide here the calculated elastic modulus, strength and failure strain values for each specimen (see Statistics folder). Finally, we include python codes that enables to show the experimental statistical distributions for each material system and calculate the corresponding fit of their probability distribution functions (see Normal.py and Weibull.py files).

The data presented here is associated with the research articles "Statistical behavior of the tensile properties of natural fibre composites" and "The mechanical properties of natural fibre composite laminates: a statistical study" by J.P. Torres, L.-J. Vandi, M. Veidt, M.T. Heiztmann.The atomic weights are available for elements 1 through 118 and isotopic compositions or abundances are given when appropriate. The atomic The The atomic weights data were published by J. Meija et al in Atomic Weights of the Elements 2013 (http://www.ciaaw.org/atomic-weights.htm), and the isotopic compositions data were published by M. Berglund and M.E. Wieser in Isotopic Compositions of the Elements 2009 (https://www.iupac.org/publications/pac/83/2/0397/). The relative atomic masses of the isotopes data were published by M. Wang, G. Audi, A.H. Wapstra, F.G. Kondev, M. MacCormick, X. Xu1, and B. Pfeiffer in The AME2012 Atomic Mass Evaluation (http://amdc.impcas.ac.cn/evaluation/data2012/ame.html).

These data have been compiled from the above sources for the user's convenience and does not represent a critical evaluation by the NIST Physical Measurement Laboratory.This repository provides a source for interatomic potentials (force fields), related files, and evaluation tools to help researchers obtain interatomic models and judge their quality and applicability. Users are encouraged to download and use interatomic potentials, with proper acknowledgement, and developers are welcome to contribute potentials for inclusion. The files provided have been submitted or vetted by their developers and appropriate references are provided. All classes of potentials (e.g., MEAM, ADP, COMB, Reax, EAM, etc.) and materials are welcome. Interatomic potentials and/or related files are currently available for various metals, semiconductors, oxides, and carbon-containing systems.NIST Standard Reference Database 13
NIST JANAF THERMOCHEMICAL TABLES 1985Communities in NIST Repositories. Select a community to browse its collections.This atlas presents observations of the infra-red (IR) spectrum of a low current Th-Ar hollow cathode lamp with the 2-m Fourier transform spectrometer (FTS) at the National Institute of Standards and Technology. These observations establish more than 2400 lines that are suitable for use as wavelength standards in the range 691 nm to 5804 nm. The observations were made in collaboration with the European Southern Observatory (ESO), in order to provide calibration reference data for new high-resolution Echelle spectrographs, such as the Cryogenic High-Resolution IR Echelle Spectrograph ([CRIRES]), ESO's new IR spectrograph at the Very Large Telescope in Chile. Full details of the measurement and analysis are given in [Kerber et al. (2008)].The NIST X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS) Database gives easy access to the energies of many photoelectron and Auger-electron spectral lines.  Resulting from a critical evaluation of the published literature, the database contains over 22,000 line positions, chemical shifts, doublet splittings, and energy separations of photoelectron and Auger-electron lines.  A highly interactive program allows the user to search by element, line type, line energy, and many other variables.  Users can easily identify unknown measured lines by matching to previous measurements.This x-ray transition table provides the energies for K transitions connecting the K shell (n = 1) to the shells with principal quantum numbers n = 2 to 4 and L transitions connecting the L1, L2, and L3 shells (n = 2) to the shells with principal quantum numbers n = 3 and 4. The elements covered include Z = 10, neon to Z = 100, fermium. There are two unique features of this database: (1) all experimental values are on a scale consistent with the International System of measurement (the SI) and the numerical values are determined using constants from the Recommended Values of the Fundamental Physical Constants: 1998 and (2) accurate theoretical estimates are included for all transitions. The user will find that for many of the transitions, the experimental and theoretical values are very consistent. It is our hope that the theoretical values will provide a useful estimate for missing or poorly measured experimental values.

This database was published in Reviews of Modern Physics, January 2003 in an article titled "X-ray transition energies: new approach to a comprehensive evaluation." In order to respect page limitations, the numerical values are given only in eV and the sorting is only by element. However, the text that discusses the generation of the theoretical and experimental databases provides more details than are given in the text that accompanies this online database.This work demonstrates how databases of diffusion-related properties can be developed from high-throughput ab initio calculations. The formation and migration energies for vacancies of all adequately stable pure elements in both the face-centered cubic (fcc) and hexagonal close packing (hcp) crystal structures were determined using ab initio calculations. For hcp migration, both the basal plane and z-direction nearest-neighbor vacancy hops were considered. Energy barriers were successfully calculated for 49 elements in the fcc structure and 44 elements in the hcp structure. These data were plotted against various elemental properties in order to discover significant correlations. The calculated data show smooth and continuous trends when plotted against Mendeleev numbers. The vacancy formation energies were plotted against cohesive energies to produce linear trends with regressed slopes of 0.317 and 0.323 for the fcc and hcp structures respectively. This result shows the expected increase in vacancy formation energy with stronger bonding. The slope of approximately 0.3, being well below that predicted by a simple fixed bond strength model, is consistent with a reduction in the vacancy formation energy due to many-body effects and relaxation. Vacancy migration barriers are found to increase nearly linearly with increasing stiffness, consistent with the local expansion required to migrate an atom. A simple semi-empirical expression is created to predict the vacancy migration energy from the lattice constant and bulk modulus for fcc systems, yielding estimates with errors of approximately 30%. Data notes: Migration barriers may be extracted from NEB static energies (OSZICAR files). Uncorrected vacancy formation energies may be extracted from ep1_static energies compared to bulk_static energies. No POTCAR files are included in the data, but are required for data reproduction. Each OUTCAR file will contain information about the pseudopotential used.The design of heating, refrigeration, and air-conditioning equipment for buildings as well as components of the building thermal envelope depends on the principles of heat transfer theory. Heat transmission properties, such as thermal conductivity, resistivity, conductance, and resistance, for building materials and thermal insulation are important for the determination of heat transmission coefficients for these applications. The NIST Database on Heat Conductivity of Building Materials provides a valuable reference for building designers, material manufacturers, and researchers in the thermal design of building components and equipment. NIST has accumulated a valuable and comprehensive collection of thermal conductivity data from measurements performed with a 200-mm square guarded-hot-plate apparatus (from 1933 to 1983). The guarded-hot-plate test method is arguably the most accurate and popular method for determination of thermal transmission properties of flat, homogeneous specimens under steady state conditions. Several organizations, including ASTM and ISO, have standardized the method.The OQMD is a database of DFT-calculated thermodynamic and structural properties. This online interface is for convenient, small-scale access; for a more powerful utilization of the data, we recommend downloading the entire database and the API for interfacing with it, from the link below.
 You can...
1) Search for materials by composition,
2) Create phase diagrams using the thermochemical data in OQMD,
3) Determine ground state compounds at any composition,
4) Visualize crystal structures, or
5) Download the entire database (and the API) for your own use!These data files provide input/output VASP and LAMMPS data along with spreadsheets containing data used to produce graphs in our above-reference article. The article abstract is: Twinning is an important deformation mechanism in many hexagonal close packed metals, including alpha-titanium (Ti) alloys. However, the mechanisms for twin nucleation, growth, and interaction with other defects are not completely understood. In this study we interrogate the behavior of oxygen (O) interstitials near a (10-12) twin boundary using a combination of density functional theory (DFT) and modified embedded atom method (MEAM) calculations. The presence of the twin boundary significantly affects both interstitial formation energy as well as the activation barriers for diffusion between sites. We demonstrate that a tetrahedral interstitial is stable in the twin boundary, despite being unstable in bulk Ti, while the formation energies of the octahedral, hexahedral, and crowdion interstitials are all modified by a nearby twin. Further, the activation barriers for diffusion in the region near the twin are uniformly lower than in the bulk. An atom diffusing across the twin boundary moves through several paths with peak activation barriers more than 0.3 eV lower than for comparable diffusion far from the twin, suggesting that the (10-12) twin is a fast diffusion pathway and movement of oxygen interstitials across the twin during twin growth is possible.Bromodomain BRD1 screened against the 3D Fragment Consortium Fragment Library by X-ray Crystallography.Nulear auto-antigen SP-100 screened against a selection of the Maybridge Fragment Library by X-ray crystallography.De-methylase JMJD2D screened against the Zenobia Fragment Library by X-ray CrystallographyThe following are a set of tools created in order to generate phase diagrams for polymer-polymer or polymer-solvent blends using coarse-grain models. These graphs function similarly, varying in their underlying theory and specificity of use. While each of the plot generators vary, the method to generate each plot is roughly the same. For all 3 options, the spinodal curve appears red while the binodal curve appears blue. Each plot has zoom options by drawing a box, or by selecting options on the bottom left of the plot. Also on the bottom right is the current mouse position. The current method of outputting a plot is through matplotlib and mpld3, but this is temporary and another plot generator may be used in the future. All numerical data is generated in simple python.Research Data supporting "Linear-Scaling Density Functional Theory using the Projector Augmented Wave Method" by Nicholas D. M. Hine

Quantum mechanical simulation of realistic models of nanostructured systems, such as nanocrystals and crystalline interfaces, demands computational methods combining high- accuracy with low-order scaling with system size. Blöchl’s projector augmented wave (PAW) approach enables all-electron (AE) calculations with the ef ciency and systematic accuracy of plane-wave pseudopotential calculations. Meanwhile, linear-scaling (LS) approaches
to density functional theory (DFT) allow for simulation of thousands of atoms in feasible computational effort. This article describes an adaptation of PAW for use in the LS-DFT framework provided by the ONETEP LS-DFT package. ONETEP uses optimisation of the density matrix through in situ-optimised local orbitals rather than the direct calculation of eigenstates as in traditional PAW approaches. The method is shown to be comparably accurate to both PAW and AE approaches and to exhibit improved convergence properties compared to norm-conserving pseudopotential methods.Platinum acetate blue (PAB) of the empirical formula Pt­(OOCMe)2.5±0.25, a byproduct in the synthesis of crystalline platinum­(II) acetate Pt4(OOCMe)8, is an X-ray amorphous substance containing platinum in the oxidation state between (II) and (III). Typical PAB samples were studied with X-ray diffraction, differential thermal analysis–thermogravimetric, extended X-ray absorption fine structure, scanning electron microscopy, transmission electron microscopy, magnetochemistry, and combined quantum chemical density functional theory–molecular mechanics modeling to reveal the main structural features of the PAB molecular building blocks. The applicability of PAB to the synthesis of platinum complexes was demonstrated by the preparation of the new homo- and heteronuclear complexes PtII(dipy)­(OOCMe)2 (1), PtII(μ-OOCMe)4CoII(OH2) (2), and PtIII2(OOCMe)4(O3SPhMe)2 (3) with the use of PAB as starting material.A family of cyanide-bridged heterometallic aggregates has been constructed of the chromophoric cycloplatinated metalloligands and coordinatively unsaturated d10 fragments {M­(PPh3)n}. The tetranuclear complexes of general composition [Pt­(C^N)­(CN)2M­(PPh3)2]2 [C^N = ppy, M = Cu (1), Ag (2); C^N = tolpy (Htolpy = 2-(4-tolyl)-pyridine), M = Cu (4), Ag (5); C^N = F2ppy (HF2ppy = 2-(4, 6-difluorophenyl)-pyridine), M = Cu (7), Ag (8)] demonstrate a squarelike arrangement of the molecular frameworks, which is achieved due to favorable coordination geometries of the bridging ligands and the metal ions. Variation of the amount of the ancillary phosphine (for M = Ag) afforded compounds [Pt­(C^N)­(CN)2Ag­(PPh3)]2 (C^N = ppy, 3; C^N = tolpy, 6); for the latter one an alternative cluster topology, stabilized by the Pt–Ag metallophilic and η1-Cipso(C^N)–Ag bonding, was observed. The solid-state structures of all of the title species 1–8 were determined crystallographically. The complexes exhibit moderately strong room-temperature phosphorescence as crystalline powders (Φem = 16–34%, λem = 470–511 nm). The luminescence studies and time-dependent density functional theory computational analysis indicate that the photophysical behavior is dominated by the 3π–π* electronic transitions localized on the cyclometalated fragment and mixed with MPtLCT contribution, while the d10-phosphine motifs have a negligible contribution into the frontier orbitals and therefore show a little influence on the emission performance of the described compounds.The geometries were optimized with the hybrid M06 functional, the mDZP all-electron basis set for platinum atom, and the def2-TZVP basis set for light atoms.
Working material for the article.DSC files, neutron diffraction data, hardness measurements, SEM and TEM images and thermodynamic simulations are provided for all alloy compositions studied and presented in this manuscript. The naming convention is provided in the manuscript along with the composition of each alloy.This data set consists of molecular dynamics trajectories of 113 randomly selected C7O2H10 isomers calculated at a temperature of 500 K and resolution of 1fs using density functional theory with the PBE exchange-correlation potential.

C7O2H10 is the largest set of isomer of QM9. Identifiers used in this data set agree with those used in the QM9 isomer subset.

Each trajectory is stored in a xyz-file named id.xyz with corresponding energies in id.energy.dat. Additionally, consistent energy calculations of all isomers in equilibrium (according to QM9) are provided in c7o2h10_equilibrium.dat.
Benchmark

Mean abs. errors for energy prediction using the equilibrium energies as well as 50% of each trajectory as reference calculations for training (in eV).New trinuclear RuPt2 and heptanuclear RuPt6 complex salts are prepared by attaching PtII 2,2′:6′,2″-terpyridine (tpy) moieties to RuII 4,4′:2′,2″:4″,4‴-quaterpyridine (qpy) complexes. Characterization includes single crystal X-ray structures for both polymetallic species. The visible absorption bands are primarily due to RuII → qpy metal-to-ligand charge-transfer (MLCT) transitions, according to time-dependent density functional theory (TD-DFT) calculations. These spectra change only slightly on Pt coordination, while the orange-red emission from the complexes shows corresponding small red-shifts, accompanied by decreases in intensity. Cubic molecular nonlinear optical behavior has been assessed by using Z-scan measurements. These reveal relatively high two-photon absorption (2PA) cross sections σ2, with maximal values of 301 GM at 834 nm (RuPt2) and 523 GM at 850 nm (RuPt6) when dissolved in methanol or acetone, respectively. Attaching PtII(tpy) moieties triples or quadruples the 2PA activities when compared with the RuII-based cores.The repository (https://github.com/vilab-tartu/SCAN) contains the database, geometries and an illustrative ipython notebook supporting the article "Performance of SCAN density functional method for a set of ionic liquids".Supplementary information to the publication "On the calculation of second-order magnetic properties using subsystem approaches in the relativistic framework"

The attached 'supplementary_info_fde_mag.zip' unpacks to three directories:

    'optimized_structures' directory contains optimized molecular structures in xyz format
    'results' directory contains all the results obtained in this work, collected in
        gnumeric and xlsx spreadsheets with complete results from DIRAC and from ADF
        csv files (data involving heavy atoms, X, and hydrogen-bonded H atoms, Hb)
        'supplementary_tables' latex and pdf files
    'visualization' directory contains the data for plotting the NMR shielding density and prepared plots; for the explanation of files in this directory open the 'visualization/visualization.html' document in your browser or read the corresponding jupyter notebook (visualization/visualization.ipynb')We provide an example of melting temperature calculations using SLUSCHI (Solid and Liquid in Ultra-Small Coexistence with Hovering Interfaces).
A user guide for SLUSCHI: Solid and Liquid in Ultra Small Coexistence with Hovering Interfaces, Calphad 52, 88-97 (2016).Fast oxygen transport materials are necessary for a range of technologies, including efficient and cost-effective solid oxide fuel cells, gas separation membranes, oxygen sensors, chemical looping devices, and memristors. Strain is often proposed as a method to enhance the performance of oxygen transport materials, but the magnitude of its effect and its underlying mechanisms are not well-understood, particularly in the widely-used perovskite-structured oxygen conductors. This work reports on an ab initio prediction of strain effects on migration energetics for nine perovskite systems of the form LaBO3, where B = [Sc, Ti, V, Cr, Mn, Fe, Co, Ni, Ga]. Biaxial strain, as might be easily produced in epitaxial systems, is predicted to lead to approximately linear changes in migration energy. We find that tensile biaxial strain reduces the oxygen vacancy migration barrier across the systems studied by an average of 66 meV per percent strain for a single selected hop, with a low of 36 and a high of 89 meV decrease in migration barrier per percent strain across all systems. The estimated range for the change in migration barrier within each system is +/- 25 meV per percent strain when considering all hops. These results suggest that strain can significantly impact transport in these materials, e. g., a 2% tensile strain can increase the diffusion coefficient by about three orders of magnitude at 300 K (one order of magnitude at 500 degrees C or 773 K) for one of the most strain-responsive materials calculated here (LaCrO3). We show that a simple elasticity model, which assumes only dilative or compressive strain in a cubic environment and a fixed migration volume, can qualitatively but not quantitatively model the strain dependence of the migration energy, suggesting that factors not captured by continuum elasticity play a significant role in the strain response.This file contains the surface energies and related properties of elemental crystals computed using density functional theory calculations. DFT calculations were performed using Vienna Ab initio Simulation Package (VASP) and analysis performed using Python Materials Genomics (pymatgen) package.
For the convenience of the readers, we have included the relevant inputs of each surface calculation run using the Vienna Ab intio Simulation Package (VASP). The relevant outputs generated from these calculations have also been included in this file.Modeling oxygen interstitials in titanium requires a new empirical potential. We optimize potential parameters using a fitting database of first-principle oxygen interstitial energies and forces. A new database optimization algorithm based on Bayesian sampling is applied to obtain an optimal potential for a specific testing set of density functional data. A parallel genetic algorithm minimizes the sum of logistic function evaluations of the testing set predictions. We test the transferability of the potential model against oxygen interstitials in HCP titanium, transition barriers between oxygen interstitial sites, oxygen in the titanium prismatic stacking fault. The potential is applicable to oxygen interaction with the titanium screw dislocation, and predicts that the interactions between oxygen and the dislocation core is weak and short-ranged.These data files correspond to our publication listed above. The files included here are: 1) LAMMPS and VASP input files describing the structures specified in the article. 2) LAMMPS and VASP output files describing the calculation results and the output structures. 3) A Python script used in this study to perform a brute force search of the parameter space for the Ti-O MEAM potential. Further details are provided in the article, and in the script. 4) The Ti, O and Ti-O potential files in LAMMPS MEAM format.Resonant Ultrasound Spectroscopy data of a sample of Ti-6Al-4V alloy. Response of the sample due to applied frequency is recorded at set temperatures.An approach to the intramolecular Diels–Alder reaction has led to a cascade synthesis of complex carbocycles composed of three fused rings and up to five stereocenters with complete stereocontrol. Computational analysis reveals that the reaction proceeds by a Michael/Michael/cyclopropanation/epimerization cascade in which size and coordination of the counterion is key.

Supporting Information: DFT optimised structures as described in the title paper.We present computed datasets on changes in the lattice parameter and elastic stiffness coefficients of bcc Fe due to substitutional Al, B, Cu, Mn, and Si solutes, and octahedral interstitial C and N solutes. The data is calculated using the methodology based on density functional theory (DFT) presented in Ref. (M.R. Fellinger, L.G. Hector Jr., D.R. Trinkle, 2017). All the DFT calculations were performed using the Vienna Ab initio Simulations Package (VASP) (G. Kresse, J. Furthmüller, 1996).

1. VASP input and output text files 2. PureFe.csv file containing computed data for pure bcc Fe 3. SoluteEffects.csv file containing computed solute effects on the lattice parameter and elastic stiffness coefficients of bcc Fe 4. Text files containing UNIX shell scripts that compute the data from the VASP output filesSteel annealing dataThis is a collection of X-ray Absorption Spectra. The data here are intended to be of good quality, and on well-characterized samples, but no guarantees are made about either of these intentions.  To import data into this library, the data must be in the XAS-Data-Interchange (XDI) format, and must have a file extension of '.xdi'. The XDI format has been designed to describe a single XAS spectrum in a way that conveys all the important information needed to work with and understand that spectrum.The NIST Alloy Data web application provides access to thermophysical property data with a focus on unary, binary, and ternary metal systems. All data is from original experimental publications including full provenance and uncertainty.

For 75 years, the Thermodynamic Research Center has produced data resources to support scientific research and industrial process design. Located in Boulder, Colorado, TRC seeks to:
1) Collect and curate a comprehensive archive of experimental thermophysical and thermochemical property data 
2) Serve as a comprehensive source of critically evaluated data for scientific and industrial applications
Under the auspices of the Materials Genome Initiative, TRC has extended its infrastructure to the field of material science - developing a framework for archiving experimental data from the scientific literature and disseminating those data to the scientific community.
For more information, please visit us at http://trc.nist.gov/.This dataset (and the added analysis software) belong to the article:  Analyzing X-Ray tomographies of granular packings in Review of Scientific Instruments.

The abstract of the article: Starting from three-dimensional volume data of a granular packing, as e.g. obtained by X-ray Computed Tomography, we discuss methods to first detect the individual particles in the sample and then analyze their properties. This analysis includes the pair correlation function, the volume and shape of the Voronoi cells and the number and type of contacts formed between individual particles. We mainly focus on packings of monodisperse spheres, but we will also comment on other monoschematic particles such as ellipsoids and tetrahedra. This paper is accompanied by a package of free software containing all programs (including source code) and an example three-dimensional dataset which allows the reader to reproduce and modify all examples given.Au nanoclusters are of technological relevance for catalysis, photonics, sensors, and of fundamental scientific interest owing to planar to globular structural transformation at an anomalously high number of atoms i.e. in the range 12–14. The nature and causes of this transition remain a mystery. In order to unravel this conundrum, high throughput density functional theory (DFT) calculations, coupled with a global structural optimization scheme based on a modified genetic algorithm (GA) are conducted. More than 20,000 Au12, Au13, and Au14 nanoclusters are evaluated. With any DFT functional, globular and planar structures coexist across the size range of interest. The planar-globular transition is gradual at room temperature rather than a sharp transition as previously believed. The effects of anionicity, s-d band hybridization and long range interactions on the dimensional transition are quantified by using the structures adjacent to the minima. Anionicity marginally changes the relative stability of the clusters. The degree of s-d hybridization is varied via changing the Hubbard U value which corroborate that s-d hybridization alone does not stabilize planar structures. van der Waals interactions, on the other hand, stabilize globular structures. These results elucidate the balance between the different reasons of the dimensional transition in gold nanoclusters.Segregation-induced changes in interfacial cohesion often control the mechanical properties of metals. The change in the work of separation of an interface upon segregation of a solute to the interface, termed the embrittling potency, is an atomic-level quantity used to predict and understand embrittlement phenomena. We present a compilation of calculations of embrittling potencies, along with references for these calculations. A discussion of this data is made in a separate article (Gibson and Schuh, 2016).This data set contains original XPS and NEXAFS data collected at the Australian Synchrotron.  The data are the results of experiments investigating benzonitrile adsorption to the Si(001) surface.  The results were written up and have been accepted for publication in Physical Chemistry Chemical Physics in Sept. 2016.Diffusion coefficients of alloying elements in Mg are critical for the development of new Mg alloys for lightweight applications. Here we present the data set of the temperature-dependent dilute tracer diffusion coefficients for 47 substitutional alloying elements in hexagonal closed packed (hcp) Mg calculated from first-principles calculations based on density functional theory (DFT) by combining transition state theory and an 8-frequency model. Benchmark for the DFT calculations and systematic comparison with experimental diffusion data are also presented. The data set refers to “Diffusion coefficients of alloying elements in dilute Mg alloys: A comprehensive first-principles study” by Zhou et al.The compositions and structures of thermodynamically stable or metastable precipitations in binary Mg-X (X=Sn, Y, Sc, Ag) alloys are predicted using ab-initio evolutionary algorithm. The geometry optimizations of the predicted intermetallic compounds are carried out in the framework of density functional theory (DFT). A complete list of the optimized crystallographic information (in cif format) of the predicted intermetallic phases is presented here. The data is related to “Predictions on the compositions, structures, and mechanical properties of intermediate phases in binary Mg–X (X=Sn, Y, Sc, Ag ) alloys” by Liu et al..Data from calculations include relaxed structures, electronic band-structure (selected compounds), electronic density of states and crystal overlap Hamilton population (selected compounds). In addition, spin-orbit coupling used for selected compounds. Data fro each compound are found in separate zip files. Scripts used to extract data are found in tools.zip.
EDX-mapping:
Fig1d.xlsx
XRD data:
Fig1h.xlsx, Fig2g.xlsx, FigS3.xlsx, FigS7a.xlsx
I/V-measurements:
Fig4c.xlsx, FigS7b.xlsx, FigS13.xlsx
Electrical resistance:
FigS5.xlsx, FigS14.xlsx